# OBG Dapp Division Proposal

The oregon blockchain group was created as an initative to introduce students to the vast amount of opprotunities provided by blockchain technology. In order to do so it has taken innovative steps to capture the exponential growth posted by blockchain technologies and digital assets as a whole. The groups' crypto fund 1.0 aims to take hold and leverage the explosive gains created by crypto currencies while mitigating the risks in order to create growth of capital and facilitate profit making opprotunities in the market. This provides students with the opprotunity to gain more academic knowledge of various projects while also providing hands on experience for money managment. However, another - arguably more important - part of the blockchain technology is neglected in these operations which is the ability to build communities, tools, and financial instruments on top of blockchains themselves. The Oregon Dapp division intends to be an addition to the oregon blockchain group to foster a more well rounded scope of blockchain technologies. Through a rigorus yet short and adaptive education program the Dapp division plans to foster a community of creators using blockchain technology to introduce students to the vast possibilities of this revolutionizing new technology and connect students to the world of the cryptographic creator economy.

# The Dapp Division

The intent of the Dapp division is to introduce students into blockchain by creating, allowing individuals to explore and create and manage ideas with a decentralized network.


I want to teach students how to create in blockchain, and tear down the stigma/idea that blockchain is too difficult to understand just because it's an early stage technology. I can quickly teach people through adaptive learning, teaching them how to read errors, how to look for ideas they want to add, how to trial and error. Through adaptive learning I can give students the base knowledge they need to create. They don't have to create the next uniswap, or even a main net project. The ability to put a project on the blockchain, even a test blockchain (where functionality is the same but no valued capital runs through it) can empower students to explore more ideas, and empower them in their own abilities to learn by doing and work in the blockchain space. Posting a project/contract/etc on a test net is the same functional skills as posting a project on mainnets, the only difference is they cannot hold money, and it does not cost money to deploy them. There's a world out there that is unexplored by most people who either don't know or have been mis guided about the world of blockchain. Web 3.0 is not a buzz word to make crypto sound cool, it's an eco-system of tools, communities, and infrastructure that I want to introduce to our members. Furthurmore I want to give them the power to create whatever they see fit in this ecosystem, who knows maybe they might find their new passion.

